COMPANY NAME operates as a referral service. We refer all enquiries initiated on this website to partners who are licensed to provide their respective products and/or services and quotes. We receive referral fees and commissions from third-party companies for making these introductions. Although we cover a wide range of products and services, we do not cover every product or service available on the market. In some cases, we may have a limited selection of partners who can service your specific request due to unique circumstances or specific agreements with product or service suppliers. By clicking on the "CTA TEXT" button, you agree to proceed with a specific product or service offering through a referral from WEBSITE URL. You will be dealing directly with the third-party company and/or its representatives of that product or service, and no longer with WEBSITE URL / COMPANY NAME. You acknowledge and agree to receive notices, phone calls, and any other communications at the email address or telephone number(s) you provided on your application from the third-party company and/or its representatives of that product or service. COMPANY NAME does not guarantee the accuracy of the information on the website or provided in any other subsequent communication, including information provided by contributors or third parties, at any particular time. You must accept sole responsibility associated with using the material on this website. The information on this website is not a substitute for financial advice. You must not rely on this information to make a financial or investment decision. Before making any decision, you should seek professional advice that takes into account your particular personal objectives, financial situation, and needs. COMPANY NAME adheres to the principles outlined in the Fair Trading Act 1986, ensuring that the information provided is not misleading or deceptive. This disclaimer is designed to comply with the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993, recognising that it does not attempt to limit the statutory rights of consumers. Additionally, COMPANY NAME complies with the Privacy Act 2020. For more information on how we handle your personal information, please refer to our PRIVACY. By submitting your details on this site, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and have read and understood the Privacy Policy. For the purposes of the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007, by submitting your email address to COMPANY NAME, you give your consent to be contacted by email at that email address by COMPANY NAME, any of its related Bodies Corporate, and any of its associated third parties. Your consent will be deemed to be express consent and will continue until such time as you withdraw that consent.